China is continuing their policies of
monetary and fiscal stimulus this time
injecting over one trillion yuan through
open market operations this week which
is a record amount just like in Japan
China realizes that whenever money flows
out cheap garbage money must be there to
fill its shoes
there is absolutely no shortage of
stimulus so the central bank's act
immediately the question is how long can
this game continue you came here for the
truth
so let me unveil that for you let's look
at what China has done I then want to
connect that into so many different
things it's a huge and jam-packed
episode today the unexpectedly sharp
onshore cash pinch comes despite the
central bank injections of a net 1
trillion yuan that's 150 billion dollars
through open market operations so far
this week compared with a hundred
billion yuan injected the week earlier
so we're looking at 10 times the amount
there and you obviously have to realize
how huge this is and I'll get into more
on that I just wanted to note before I
forget that open marker operations if
you're interested in what that is
exactly I have a video on my eCourse
which you can check out so look for that
company's quarterly payments starting
January 16th and seasonal cash demand
are the key factors according to them
draining the money out that's according
to a liquidity trader at Chinese bank in
Shanghai some market player said the
support by the central bank was barely
meeting the increased demand in the
market the market is typically short of
liquidity ahead of the lunar year and
the PBOC injection is not enough it's
never enough I mean we've seen that so
many times with the ECB we've seen it
with the Federal Reserve and here they
are again saying they need more and more
and more well I assure you there's
more to come let's continue on the same
topic here the PBOC net liquidity
injection and drain and you could see
what has happened over the past few
trading days obviously big money going
in here at this time China's benchmark
money market rate jumped the most in two
years with the record central bank cash
injections being overwhelmed by the mand
before the Lunar New Year just like you
had seen with in the u.s. stock markets
you know everything was really boosting
up before the new year here it's no
different than what we had seen in China
at this time so basically it goes more
into that I would say that my point is
made let me just say go way into this
security blanketed the United Nations
European headquarters on Wednesday to
avoid any risk or embarrassment
check this out of the visiting Chinese
president while police swiftly ended a
small pro to bet in protest on the
square outside so essentially he's
coming in that people get pushed out and
this reminds me a lot of the those free
speech zones and then you have anywhere
that they have a g8 or g20 or any of
these super national entities where they
have these big meetings and they just
push all the people out and they made a
good point in here and at the very
bottom this just happened in Geneva the
city of human rights in the city of
freedom and this is very shameful and I
do agree with that what they do I
understand why they do this sometimes
because they realize that there might be
some violence or protests or anything
and they don't want that to happen but
ultimately the truth is that they don't
want people to understand what is really
going on why did the g20 that they start
beating people skulls them they need to
do that no of course not
but they want people to feel small
that's the point
the government's come in the big powers
that be there in your out let's move on
Chinese authorities have asked an
unnamed Chinese province to turn off its
early warning alert system for smog to
avoid mismatches between environment and
meteorological authority forecasts okay
let's cut to the chase here there's so
much pollution I mean you can watch the
video for yourself I believe it was
Beijing that they were showing and it's
so polluted you can barely see in front
of you and what do they do they turn off
now don't report it don't you know what
we're we might get mixed up it might get
it might only be 99 percent of the way
to towards that warning we don't want to
warn people right now okay let's make
sure this just turn off that system I
mean what happened during Fukushima this
was criminal and it got no attention
whatsoever and still to this day I'm
trying to find a really really reputable
source of this information but what I
have read was that during Fukushima that
radiation was spreading at that first
you know trade winds bringing it along
and they were told in you know this is
going by memory but I believe it was
Canada that they were told to turn off
their sensors that there was no cause
for concern that they should just turn
off the sensors don't worry about it I
mean that doesn't even make sense if you
feel that there is a chance that we
could expect that I mean they should be
on at all times
you don't know what's going on around
the world at all times natural events
that could occur in places that are not
monitored I mean it's crazy and so they
say turn off that monitoring
so so silly I mean obviously we got
polluted with that we got poisoned with
that and that's why they didn't want to
set off those alarms because they would
have been and then you look at what
happened during 9/11 yes the air is safe
to breathe I mean you knew that was not
the case it's criminal it's criminal
this is Teresa May
talking about the brexit all of my
friends out there in Britain and UK I'm
very happy about what's happening here
you need to continue to speak up and ask
that this does continue to go forward
good for you individuals out there
really do think this is such a good
thing when it does happen we seek a new
an equal partnership between an
independent self-governing global
Britain and our friends and allies in
the EU not the partial membership of the
European Union associate membership of
the European Union or anything that
leaves us half in or half out and it
really do like what they're saying there
they're not gonna you know accept
something that puts them in another
position where they're going to be stuck
again they want to be out out and out
but they want to be able to do trade
with everybody and that's just the way
it should be you don't have to be in the
EU you can still do trade you can still
have agreements with other countries and
it could be stronger than ever you don't
need to use a unified currency donate
don't need to have a unified a central
bank and all this stuff it doesn't need
to happen we know that it's pretty
simple let's look at this a pennsylvania
mall that was foreclosed on after its
owners failed to repay 143 million
dollars has been auctioned off for get
this $100 I mean it's insane but that's
true it's $100 for a mall and previously
going for 143 I actually read previously
it was some other numbers 160 million
but any weight doesn't matter what we're
seeing here is this
mismatched which has occurred I'm seeing
things going for cheap I'm seeing things
going for extremely expensive the luxury
items whether that would be that $250
men 250 million dollar mansions and you
know the luxury cars and all this and
then you see things like this
Pennsylvania Mall so such a divide that
has really occurred starting today
residents and businesses in Redwood City
California and Washington DC can get
food delivered right to their doors via
robot and this is something else that
I've covered here on the channel before
basically robots are replacing a lot of
the jobs and this is happens to be just
one of those you're seeing robots taking
care of jobs that require quite simple
and repetitive tasks this would
obviously be one of them individuals
have been receiving their food
deliveries and doing so in a timely
fashion and it seems like this is the
way that it's going and it's not just
there I believe it also did a test in
the UK if I'm not mistaken and I think a
covered here and again I'm seeing robots
and automation with placing jobs you
better get a job in robotics or
automation that seems to be the way
everything is going today in the
shopping cart of a food stamp household
what do we got on the top of the list
lots of soda that's right so instead of
buying actual food they're buying this
which a bunch of chemicals inside of a
bottle and that's just the way it is I
mean I'm not judging anybody all I'm
saying is that you know you're trying to
feed your family with food stamps and
then you know so does being purchased I
don't really see that as making a lot of
sense
this right here Amazon is preparing to
test experimental wireless
communications technology including
mobile devices and fixed base stations
in rural Washington and Seattle I don't
know what's going on I don't know these
huge companies are so far advanced I
mean I believe they're it's
ways more advanced than governments look
at what Google was doing with that barge
it's set up and didn't tell anybody
about it and then it you know gets
revealed later on but they're seeming to
get into these technologies and they
have all sorts of patents and everything
else that go far beyond at least what
we're told that the government has I
mean it's crazy but then again you
realize that corporations like this own
and control the government so I guess it
could make sense if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
and last but not least if you found the
video informative I know you will find
my book the money GPS even more
informative so head over to Amazon where
they have a look inside feature that
will allow you to flip through the pages
of the book and see if you're like take
care